README.md, before:

# NOTE: 
This repo is under WIP, and is currently just a backup of the project. So it could be a mess, the release however works fine. Also the code quality is really low, so please don't judge it. I'm going to refactor, improve and expand some day. If my priority list allows XD

# Programming 4 Introduction C++ & GUI

# Demonstration
![PROG4 - Demonstration](https://github.com/RichardKroesen/ESE_PROG4_SlotMachine/assets/116025382/580ef006-7a36-448d-846d-29bf60ce3687)

## Introduction
This repository of my semester 4 programming class during Embedded Systems Engineering course from HAN University of Applied Sciences.

## How To Run 
Go to the release in the repository and dubble click on the .exe file. You are now able to start gambling, don't get to addicted tho!  

## Project Assignment
### Final Assigment Development Guidelines
- Buid the GUI in English
- Research into required widgets (as documented in the final assigment)
- Model a strucutural sketch of the GUI with the appropriate widgets.
- Implement the most important widgets. Work step by step.
- Study the state machine example and model your own state machine system.
- Document the development process and product documentation.

### Application Requirements
- All features and functionality works. The program meets the specifications that are drawn up.
- The application has a logging feature which atleast records the state entries and exists.
- User friendly interface: designed with incorrect input recovery, correct and intuitive English layout.
- One coding style (personal preference allowed)

Commit message:

Enh added description of the demo to README.md

README.md, after:

# NOTE: 
This repo is under WIP, and is currently just a backup of the project. So it could be a mess, the release however works fine. Also the code quality is really low, so please don't judge it. I'm going to refactor, improve and expand some day. If my priority list allows XD

# Programming 4 Introduction C++ & GUI

# Demonstration
Here is a gif demonstration of the current release version. 

![PROG4 - Demonstration](https://github.com/RichardKroesen/ESE_PROG4_SlotMachine/assets/116025382/580ef006-7a36-448d-846d-29bf60ce3687)

The demo shows: Adding balance, Making a Gamble by taking Spin, Payout Balance, Enable Admin Mode to show system log and see the saved text log.

## Introduction
This repository of my semester 4 programming class during Embedded Systems Engineering course from HAN University of Applied Sciences.

## How To Run 
Go to the release in the repository and dubble click on the .exe file. You are now able to start gambling, don't get to addicted tho!  

## Project Assignment
### Final Assigment Development Guidelines
- Buid the GUI in English
- Research into required widgets (as documented in the final assigment)
- Model a strucutural sketch of the GUI with the appropriate widgets.
- Implement the most important widgets. Work step by step.
- Study the state machine example and model your own state machine system.
- Document the development process and product documentation.

### Application Requirements
- All features and functionality works. The program meets the specifications that are drawn up.
- The application has a logging feature which atleast records the state entries and exists.
- User friendly interface: designed with incorrect input recovery, correct and intuitive English layout.
- One coding style (personal preference allowed)
